hD-Level Analysis: Circle Score vs. User Rating Discrepancy
After reviewing your Circle Score implementation and console logs, I've identified the root cause of the persistent 8.9 vs different Circle Score discrepancy. This is a classic data scaling and cache invalidation cascade failure that undermines user trust.

Critical Issues Identified:
1. Scale Conversion Logic Error in Single-User Scenarios
Your Circle Score calculation has a fundamental flaw in circleScore.ts. When you're the only contributor, the system applies this logic:

const singleUserScore = Math.round(userRating * 10); // Convert 0-10 to 0-100 scale
But your rating of 8.9 should yield 89, not whatever different number you're seeing. This suggests the userRating value being passed isn't 8.9 - it's likely being converted or cached incorrectly upstream.

2. Rating Data Type Inconsistency
The console logs show your rating stored as ratingValue: '8.9' (string) but the Circle Score calculation does:

const ratingValue = typeof rating.ratingValue === 'string' ? parseFloat(rating.ratingValue) : rating.ratingValue;
This conversion might be introducing floating-point precision errors or the rating isn't being retrieved correctly for Circle Score calculations.

3. Cache Invalidation Race Condition
Your logs show:

🔄 Rating updated - invalidating Circle Score cache
🗑️ Invalidating Circle Score cache for: null-ChIJuQdEYaE1K4gRSb-QHzZpGss-10
Notice it's invalidating for user 10, but you're user 7. This means when you update your rating, the cache invalidation is targeting the wrong user's cache entries. Your own Circle Score cache remains stale.

4. Database Query Context Switching
The API logs show multiple users (7 and 10) interacting with the same restaurant. The Circle Score calculation might be picking up ratings from different users or different database sessions, explaining why your personal rating doesn't match the displayed Circle Score.

5. Comment Persistence Still Broken
This confirms our earlier analysis - the comment saving issue persists, indicating deeper data flow problems that are also affecting the rating-to-Circle Score pipeline.

Why This Breaks User Trust:
From a product psychology perspective, inconsistent numbers destroy the credibility of your entire recommendation system. Users notice when their 8.9 rating doesn't correlate with the Circle Score, leading them to question: "If it can't get my own rating right, how can I trust its recommendations about my friends' opinions?"

Immediate Diagnostic Recommendations:
User-Specific Cache Keys: Verify that cache invalidation targets the correct user. The cache key generation in getCacheKey() should match exactly between storage and invalidation.

Rating Retrieval Debug: Add logging to track the exact rating value being retrieved for Circle Score calculations vs. what's displayed in the UI.

Data Type Consistency: Ensure ratings are consistently stored and retrieved as the same data type throughout the pipeline.

Real-time State Synchronization: The 30-second cache TTL isn't aggressive enough for personal ratings. Your own rating changes should invalidate immediately and reflect instantly.

This is a data integrity and user experience crisis that needs immediate attention before users lose confidence in the platform's reliability.